HttpSig (#125)
solid/authentication-panel: HttpSignature.md

# HTTPSig Authentication for SoLiD

## Executive Summary

> HTTPSig is a simple authentication protocol extending [Signing HTTP Messages](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-01) (henceforth `HTTP-Sig`) by defining 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTPSig is a simple authentication protocol extending [Signing HTTP Messages](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-01) (henceforth `HTTP-Sig`) by defining 
```
`HTTPSig extends HTTP-Sig`?  The extension (here, `HTTPSig`) should get a name that differs more from the thing it's extending than the removal of a hyphen. It's a bit awkward, but `HTTP-Sig-Authn` (or `HTTPSigAuthn` if there's reason not to include hyphens) has enough difference that it's unlikely to appear to be a typo (where `HTTPSig` is reasonably likely to be seen as a typo of `HTTP-Sig`).

Author: yes, I agree. I was thinking of calling the "Signing HTTP Messages" document  `HTTP-Sig rfc`, to distinguish it from `HttpSig`  being proposed. HTTP-Sig-Authn would not do, as it is not I think an Authentication mechanism, just a way to sign messages. Perhaps I should just use "Signing HTTP Messages" everywhere.

Reviewer: What? The sentence literally states, `HTTPSig` [which I tried to rename `HTTP-Sig-Authn`] "**_is a simple authentication protocol_** extending [Signing HTTP Messages](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-01) (henceforth `HTTP-Sig`)..." If `HTTPSig` is not "an Authentication mechanism", then there are much larger changes needed!

Author: Ah! sorry. (I just had 6 hours of teleconferencing) Yes, HttpSig is an authentication mechanism. 
I was thinking the other way of keeping HttpSig as the name of the authentication mechanism, and changing the name of the Signing Http Messages from HTTP-Sig to something making the difference greater. Both ways would work.

Author: I have replaced all occurrences of HTTP-Sig with [Signing HTTP Messages](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-01). I hope that makes things clearer.

Author: I'll resolve this one, as I think it is now clear. There may be better ways of doing things, but at least the ambiguity is gone.

# HttpSig Authentication for SoLiD

## Summary

HttpSig is a simple but very efficient authentication protocol extending [Signing HTTP Messages](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-01) RFC by defining &mdash;

>  * a `WWW-Authenticate: HttpSig` header the server can return with a 401 or 402 to the client

Author: I had forgotten that the draft-cavage had a `Signature` header for authentication. I'd be happy to use that too, but don't want to step on toes in case the intent is too different. Perhaps @msporny has a view on that?

>  * a `Authorization: HttpSig` method the client can use in response with two optional attributes `webid` and `cert` both taking `https` or `DID` URLs.

Author: ah yes, WebID would be for https URLs. I actually did not use `webid` in the text, as I think a WebID is a form of minimal self signed certificate (and so could be covered by `cert`), by the fact that it is located at the URL of its definition...

 * a convention for how to encode URLs in the `keyId` attribute of [Signing HTTP Messages](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-01)'s `Signature-Input` header when used with the `WWW-Authenticate: HttpSig` header
 * the ability to use absolute or relative URLs in all places mentioned where URLs can be used

>  * allow relative URLs passed by the client to the server to refer to resources on the client using a [P2P Extension to HTTP](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-benfield-http2-p2p-02) which would allow authentication over a single HTTP connection.

Author: I starting to edit that, but then I realized that the the point that URLs can be used in the `cert` field of the `Authorization` header and the `keyId` of the `Signature-Input` header are more important changes. The relative URL point makes sense only after those have been introduced. But I'll make a few other changes in that text.

## Signing HTTP Messages

[Signing HTTP Messages](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-01) is an IETF RFC Draft worked on by the HTTP WG, for signing HTTP messages.
The work is based on [draft-cavage-http-signature-12](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-cavage-http-signatures-12), which evolved and gained adoption since 2013, being tested by a [large number of implementations](https://github.com/w3c-dvcg/http-signatures/issues/1), and this is set to grow by being taken up by the IETF.

> [Signing HTTP Messages](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-01) has the advantages of being very simple and being specified directly at the HTTP layer, bypassing the problem of client authentication at the TLS layer.

Reviewer: `s/problem/challenge/`?

> [Signing HTTP Messages](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-01) has the advantages of being very simple and being specified directly at the HTTP layer, bypassing the problem of client authentication at the TLS layer.

Author: The [Merged Version](https://github.com/solid/authentication-panel/blob/main/HttpSignature.md)
>  bypassing limitations of client authentication at the TLS layer, related to client certificate renegotiation, and the TLS layer occuring at lower layer of the communication stack. 

Which can certainly also be improved.

|                                                       - verify sig |
|                                                       - verify ACL |
|                                                                    |
|<---------------------------------------------(6) answer resource---|
```                                                                   

In (2) the Resource server responds to a request by sending a 401 or 402 response with the `WWW-Authenticate: HttpSig` header. The `WWW-Authenticate` header is specified in §[4.1 of HTTP/1.1](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7235#section-4.1).  The `HttpSig` challenge method needs to be defined here (todo) and registered as specified in the [Authentication Scheme Registry](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7235#section-5.1).
A message from a server can look like this:

```HTTP
HTTP/1.1 401 Unauthorized
WWW-Authenticate: HttpSig
Link: </comments/.acl>; rel="acl"
```

It should also add a `Link:` relation to an Access-Control resource which describes which resources might be accessible. 
This is described in [Web Access Control Spec](https://github.com/solid/web-access-control-spec/).

> (Without such a Link the client would only be able to guess what key to send.)

Author: The `WWW-Authenticate: HttpSig` header is sent by the server to the client.  The `HttpSig` method is meant to indicate to the client that it can use "Signing Http Messages" with the `keyId` used as URL.
It could send the content of the ACL in the body so not requiring an extra connection (or with HTTP/2 the server can send it ahead of being asked)

It can then make the original request again:

```HTTP
GET /comments/ HTTP/1.1
Authorization: HttpSig
Signature-Input: sig1=(); keyId="</keys/test-key-a>"; created=1402170695
Signature: sig1=:cxieW5ZKV9R9A70+Ua1A/1FCvVayuE6Z77wDGNVFSiluSzR9TYFV
       vwUjeU6CTYUdbOByGMCee5q1eWWUOM8BIH04Si6VndEHjQVdHqshAtNJk2Quzs6WC
       2DkV0vysOhBSvFZuLZvtCmXRQfYGTGhZqGwq/AAmFbt5WNLQtDrEe0ErveEKBfaz+
       IJ35zhaj+dun71YZ82b/CRfO6fSSt8VXeJuvdqUuVPWqjgJD4n9mgZpZFGBaDdPiw
       pfbVZHzcHrumFJeFHWXH64a+c5GN+TWlP8NPg2zFdEc/joMymBiRelq236WGm5VvV
       9a22RW2/yLmaU/uwf9v40yGR/I1NRA==:
```

The main protocol difference from [Signing HTTP Messages](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-01) rfc is the request by the resource server for the `keyId document` in (4) to get that key. 
This may not necessarily lead to a new network connection being opened to the outside world in the following cases:
 * The `keyId` URL is local to the resource server,
 * The `keyId` URL is a [did:key](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-method-key/) URL. This is a URL that contains in its name all the data of the public key.

>  * The `keyId` URL refers to an external resource, but the resource server has a fresh cached copy of it. 

Author: Yes, I think that type of problem works itself out with experience, and the process followed by the server will depend on how serious the threat is. It the key on the server or with the P2P connection option on the client, these things get to be a lot simpler.

# HttpSig Authentication for SoLiD

## Summary

> HttpSig is a simple but very efficient authentication protocol extending [Signing HTTP Messages](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-01) RFC by defining 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HttpSig is a simple but very efficient authentication protocol extending [Signing HTTP Messages](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-01) RFC by defining &mdash;
```

[Signing HTTP Messages](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-httpbis-message-signatures-01)  (henceforth `HTTP-Sig`) is an IETF RFC Draft worked on by the HTTP WG, for signing and authenticating HTTP messages. The work is based on [draft-cavage-http-signature-12](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-cavage-http-signatures-12), which evolved and gained adoption since 2013, being tested by a [large number of implementations](https://github.com/w3c-dvcg/http-signatures/issues/1), and this is set to grow by being taken up by the IETF.

> HTTP Signature has the advantage of being very simple and being specified directly at the HTTP layer, bypassing problem of client authentication at the TLS layer. (Note: all communication here is assumed to run over TLS). The protocol allows a client to authenticate by signing a number of HTTP headers with any one of its private keys. In order for the server to be able to verify this signature it needs to know the matching public key. This information must be transmitted by the client in the form of an opaque string known as a `keyId` (see [§2.1.1 keyId](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-cavage-http-signatures-11#section-2.1.1)). This string must enable the server to look up the key. How this is done is not specified by the protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP Signature has the advantages of being very simple and being specified directly at the HTTP layer, bypassing the problem of client authentication at the TLS layer. (Note: all communication here is assumed to run over TLS.) The protocol allows a client to authenticate by signing any of several HTTP headers with any one of its private keys. In order for the server to verify this signature, it needs to know the matching public key. This information must be transmitted by the client, in the form of an opaque string known as a `keyId` (see [§2.1.1 keyId](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-cavage-http-signatures-11#section-2.1.1)). This string must enable the server to look up the key; how this look-up is done is not specified by the protocol.
```

In order for the server to verify this signature, it needs to know the matching public key.
This information must be transmitted by the client, in the form of an opaque string known as a `keyId` (see [§2.1.1 keyId](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-cavage-http-signatures-11#section-2.1.1)).
This string must enable the server to look up the key; how this look-up is done is not specified by the protocol.

This `Http-Sig` protocol extension allows the `keyId` to be interpreted as a URL.
The main use case is to allow the use of an `https` URL identifier ending with a fragment for the `keyId`, but it would also allow other URI schemes such as [DID](https://www.w3.org/TR/did-core/)s. 

By allowing URLs to be used in the `keyId` field,  we make it possible for the server to discover the key by fetching the `keyId Document`, whose URL is given by the [resolved](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-5) `keyId` URL without the fragment identifier (see [§3 of RFC 3986: Uniform Resource Identifier (URI): Generic Syntax](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986?#section-3)).  

## Extending `HTTP-Sig` with URLs

Here we consider the minimum extension of `HTTP-Sig` with `keyId`s that are URLs.

> We point to the advantages of this in terms of enabling client creation, editing and deleting of keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We point to the advantages of this in terms of enabling client creation, and of the editing and deleting of keys.
```

Author: I removed that text and instead moved the text about GET, POST, DELETE up into this section.

|                                |                                   |
|                                |<-----------------(4) GET keyId----| 
|                                |-(5) return keyId doc------------->|
|                                                       - verify sig |
|                                                       - verify ACL |
|                                                                    |
|<---------------------------------------------(6) answer resource---|
```                                                                   

In (2) the Resource server responds to a request by sending a 401 or 402 response with the `WWW-Auth` Sig header.

> It should also add a `Link:` relation to an Access-Control resource which describes which resources can have access. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should also add a `Link:` relation to an Access-Control resource which describes which resources might be accessible. 
```

(Without such a Link the client would only be able to guess what key to send.)

> With  [HTTP/2 server Push](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7540#section-8.2), the server could immediately push the content of the linked-to Access Control document to the client, assuming reasonably that the client would have connected with the right key had it allready known the content. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With [HTTP/2 server Push](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7540#section-8.2), the server could immediately push the content of the linked-to Access Control document to the client, assuming reasonably that the client would have connected with the right key had it already known the content. 
```

It may also be possible to send the ACL rules directly in the body (Todo: research) of the response.

The Access Control rule could be as simple as stating that the user needs to be authenticated with a key,  but any number of more complicated use cases are possible, as described in the [Use Cases and Requirements Document](https://solid.github.io/authorization-panel/wac-ucr/).

If the client can find a key that satisfies the Access Control Rules then it can use the private key to sign the headers in (3) as specified by [Signing HTTP Messages](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-method-key/) and pass a link to the key in the `keyId` field as a URL. 

The main protocol difference from `Http-Sig` is the potential request by the resource server for the `keyId document` in (4) to get that key. 
This may not necessarily lead to a new network connection being opened to the outside world in the following cases:
 * The `keyId` URL is local to the resource server,

>  * The `keyId` URL is a [did:key](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-method-key/) URL, ie contains all the data of a public key,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The `keyId` URL is a [did:key](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/did-method-key/) URL, i.e., it contains all the data of a public key,
```

 * The `keyId` URL refers to an external resource, but the resource server has a fresh cached copy of it. 
This can be the case of cached `https` URL documents but also for `did:...` documents stored on some form of blockchain which the server has access to offline.
 * The `keyId` is a relative URL on the client, which the server can GET using the P2P extension to HTTP (more on that below).

## Solid Use Case

> In order to understand why we may want keys that are not local to the resource server we need to make a small disgression and explain the principal Solid use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To explain why we may want keys that are not local to the resource server, we will make a small digression to explain the principal Solid use case.
```

We start by noticing that Solid (Social Linked Data) clients are modeled on web browsers. 
They are not tied to reading/writing data from one domain, but are able to start from any web server, and are able to follow links around the web. 
As a result, they cannot know in advance of arriving at a resource, what type of authentication will be needed there.

> Furthermore they may be quite keen to create cross site identities and link them up, as that can allow decentralised conversations to happen and for people to build reputations across web sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, they may be quite keen to create cross-site identities and link them up, as that can allow decentralised conversations to happen, and thereby let people build reputations across web sites.
```

The main protocol difference from `Http-Sig` is the request by the resource server for the `keyId document` in (4). 
If this document is cached and still valid, it will not require an extra request on the Web.  

Another extension required by the [Solid use cases](https://solid.github.io/authorization-panel/wac-ucr/) is that the response  (2) must contain a link to an Access Control Document.

> This is needed by Solid (Social Linked Data) clients as these are modelled on web browsers: they are not tied to reading/writing data from one domain but are able to start from any web server and are able to following links around the web. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is needed by Solid (Social Linked Data) clients, as these are modeled on web browsers; they are not tied to reading/writing data from one domain, but are able to start from any web server, and are able to follow links around the web. 
```

> As a result they cannot know a-priori when arriving on a resource what type of authenticaiton is needed there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, they cannot know in advance of arriving at a resource, what type of authentication will be needed there.
```

```HTTP
Signature-Input: sig1=(); keyId="<https://alice.freedombox/keys/test-key-a>"; created=1402170695
Signature: sig1=:cxieW5ZKV9R9A70+Ua1A/1FCvVayuE6Z77wDGNVFSiluSz...==:
```

It could also allow key based did URLs as described in [issue 217 of the Solid Spec](https://github.com/solid/specification/issues/217#issuecomment-777509084).

The advantage of a URL is that it allows the client to use HTTP Methods such as `POST` or `PUT` to create keys, as well as `PUT`, `PATCH` and `DELETE` to edit them, solving the problem of key revocation.

> We also reserve the use of keyIds enclosed with `'>'` and `'<'` characters for

Reviewer: This suggests `>{keyId}<` which I think is not what is intended.

"Enclosed with" usually enumerates first the prepend and second the append -- so if the intent is (as I believe) `<{keyId}>`, this should read 
```suggestion
We also reserve the use of keyIds enclosed with `'<'` and `'>'` characters for
```

Author: `>{keyId}<` is exactly what was intended! :-) 

The idea is that we want a way to say: this is the relative URL for the key, but it is not to be found out there on the internet, but by asking the client for it. 
How does one ask the client for it? By using the P2P extension of HTTP/2 referred to, which allows the server to take on the role of a client on the same connection. 

Do you think `>{keyId}<` would be clearer?

> The advantage of `https` URL in particular to refer to keys, is that it allows the client to use HTTP Methods such as `POST` or `PUT` to create keys, as well as `PUT`, `PATCH` and `DELETE` to edit them, solving the problem of key revocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One advantage of `https` URLs in particular to refer to keys, is that it allows the client to use HTTP Methods such as `POST` or `PUT` to create keys, as well as `PUT`, `PATCH` and `DELETE` to edit them, solving the problem of key revocation.
```

> Whichever method is chosen by the client to refer to the key, the Resource's Guard on verifiying the signatures, would be able to check its Web Access Control Rules associated with the resource, to find out if the agent with the given key is allowed access (see [§The Access Control Rules](HttpSignature.md#the-access-control-rules) below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whichever method is chosen by the client to refer to the key, the Resource's Guard, upon verifying the signatures, would be able to check its Web Access Control Rules associated with the resource, to find out if the agent with the given key is allowed access (see [The Access Control Rules](#the-access-control-rules) below).
```

which can be dereferenced, so in the above case it would be
  `https://bob.example/keys/2019-09-02`

> For the [Solid](https://solid-project.org/) use cases, the KeyId document would contain a description of the public key in an RDF format. (We use [Turtle](https://www.w3.org/TR/turtle/) here for readability. Another popular format is [Json-Ld](https://json-ld.org).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the [Solid](https://solid-project.org/) use cases, the KeyId document would contain a description of the public key in an RDF format. (We use [Turtle](https://www.w3.org/TR/turtle/) here for readability. Another popular format is [JSON-LD](https://json-ld.org).)
```

### The Access Control Rules

In order to understand how the client can decide if it has the right key, and how the server can find out which keys are acceptable, we illustrate this with a few examples using [Solid Web Access Control](https://solid.github.io/web-access-control-spec/) functions. 

> In the simplest case, a Web Access Control rule document linked to from the `Link:` header of the resource the client received a `401` from, can specify an agent by describing their relation to a public key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To increase understanding of how the client can decide whether it has the right key, and how the server can find out which keys are acceptable, we provide a few illustrative examples using [Solid Web Access Control](https://solid.github.io/web-access-control-spec/) functions.
In the simplest case, a Web Access Control rule document, linked to by a `Link:` header of the resource the client received a `401` from, can specify an agent by describing their relation to a public key.
```

Author: I changed it locally in another edit.

The keys can also be relative to the server of course (or `DID`s). 

> Instead of listing agents individually in the ACL they can 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of listing agents individually in the ACL, they can 
```
Sorry, should have included this in the previous...

> Instead of listing agents individually in the ACL they can also 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of listing agents individually in the ACL they can 
```

Steps (4) and (5), where the server retrives a (cached)copy of the key, are as before. 

Steps (6) can be run in parallel with (4) to fetch the Credential document.
This also can be cached. 
If the `Credential` header URL
* is enclosed in '<' and '>' then 
  * if it is relative it can be fetched on the same server
  * if is is an absolute URL it can be fetched by opening a new connection

> * is enclosed in `>` and `<` and P2P HTTP extension is enabled, the server can request the credential from the client directly using the same connection opened in (3).

Reviewer: As above, I think this probably should be
```suggestion
* is enclosed in `<` and `>` and P2P HTTP extension is enabled, the server can request the credential from the client directly using the same connection opened in (3).
```

Author: Same point as above. Perhaps this is such a new idea that it requires more elaboration, perhaps even a picture or something.

Reviewer: I think it requires a lexical/literal example, at minimum.  If there are other wrapping characters -- whether brackets, braces, parentheses, quotation marks, or otherwise -- which may be used in a more typical manner (the only thing I can quickly think of that uses `>…<` wrappers in that order is an ASCII emoticon for a cat, `>^..^<`), I would suggest using them instead.

Author: The way I see it is in terms of indexicals eg: I and you. In an HTTP connection of a client `C` to a server `example.com`, the *you* for the client is `example.com`. The server on the other hand knows nothing of the client so it only can say `you`. The client wishes to pass a key to the server but it can say: the key at my house at address so and so, or the key in your pocket, or the key in my pocket. We need to be able to distinguish between "the key in my pocket" and "the key in your pocket".

Reviewer: Making such distinction doesn't seem to require any specific wrapping characters. It requires knowing who's "speaking", and to whom -- as the entity to which the possessive "my" or "your" refers changes in meaning with the speaker and the audience.  In HTTP, we can speak of the Client and the Server, and describe what action each might be taking (requesting, responding, etc.). In other spheres, we have conventions like Requesting Party, Relying Party, Responding Party, etc., to serve the same purpose.

Sometimes, it's very hard to describe an interaction with generalities, but trivial to describe it through a concretized example.  I think this might be one of those situations, at least at this point in the ecosystem's development.

Author: > Making such distinction doesn't seem to require any specific wrapping characters. It requires knowing who's "speaking", and to whom -- as the entity to which the possessive "my" or "your" refers changes in meaning with the speaker and the audience.

Let us say we start with a connection from Phone to Pod .
Phone requests a secure resource, is returned a 401 by Pod, and then sends a signed message with a relative URL to the Credential. We want to allow the following two possibilities to exist:
 
 1. the Credential is on the Phone at >/auth/Cred1<
 2. the Credential is on the server at </auth/Cred1>
 
The relative path `/auth/Cred1` is the same in both cases, so we use the angel bracket reversal to distinguish on which side the URL is relative in that conversation.

Author: I wrote more about what P2P opens up to the web here https://github.com/w3c/architecture/issues/14 
I still want to integrate this into the spec here, but need to be careful not to make too much of it, as what is proposed can also work without it.

Steps (4) and (5), where the server retrives a (cached)copy of the key, are as before. 

Steps (6) can be run in parallel with (4) to fetch the Credential document.
This also can be cached.
If the URL is relative it will be found on Resource Server.
If the URL is remote it may need to be fetched.

> If the URL is enclosed in `>` and `<` and a P2P extension is available the server can request the credential from the client directly using the same connection opened in (3).

Reviewer: This is unclear to me. Is the enclosure described `>http://example.com/example<` or `<http://example.com/example>`?  (In either case, the comma inserted below is suggested.)
```suggestion
If the URL is enclosed in `>` and `<` and a P2P extension is available, the server can request the credential from the client directly using the same connection opened in (3).
```

Author: yes, the idea is to have >/creds/key1< as keys. I'll add there that relative URLs are meant, as the server may know nothing about the client other than that it is at the other end of the connection.

Author: Actually I am not sure if absolute URLs may not be useful there.

Author: I tried to clarify that point and linked to an interesting did related idea I put up on Solid.

### Credentials

Resources can describe in the linked-to `accessControl` document a class of agents, specified by attribute, who may access the resource in a given mode.

> For example ISO could publish an [OWL](https://www.w3.org/TR/owl2-overview/) document at `https://iso.org/ont/People` describing the set of people over 21, using an example from the [OWL2-Primer](https://www.w3.org/TR/2012/REC-owl2-primer-20121211/#a_DatatypeRestriction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, ISO could publish an [OWL](https://www.w3.org/TR/owl2-overview/) document at `https://iso.org/ont/People`, describing the set of people over 21, using an example from the [OWL2-Primer](https://www.w3.org/TR/2012/REC-owl2-primer-20121211/#a_DatatypeRestriction).
```

          :mode :Read .
```

> A client after receiving the response (2) in the above sequence diagram can search for the relevant [Verifiable Credential](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/) in its [Universal Wallet](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/universal-wallet-interop-spec/) (containing perhaps a Drivers License, Birth certificate or MI7 007 license to kill), order these in a privacy lattice, and choose the one the more appropriate for the task at hand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After receiving the response (2) in the above sequence diagram, a client can search for the relevant [Verifiable Credential](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/) in its [Universal Wallet](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/universal-wallet-interop-spec/) (containing perhaps a Drivers License, Birth certificate, and MI7 007 license to kill), order these in a privacy lattice, and choose the one most appropriate for the task at hand.
```

After receiving the response (2) in the above sequence diagram, a client can search for the relevant [Verifiable Credential](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/) in its [Universal Wallet](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/universal-wallet-interop-spec/) (containing perhaps a Drivers License, Birth certificate, and MI7 007 license to kill), order these in a privacy lattice, and choose the one most appropriate for the task at hand.
The URL for that Credential can then be sent in the header (3).

> Here is an example that would work over an HTTP/2 connection enabled with a P2P extension. The client tells the server to find the certificate in its local store at `/certs/YearOfBirth`. The server could then resolve that relative URL to `<did:key:z6MkiTBz1ymuepAQ4HEHYSF1H8quG5GLVVQR3djdX3mDooWp/certs/YearOfBirth>` and check its cache for a valid cert. If none present it would need to request it from the client on the same P2P connection at `/certs/YearOfBirth/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example that would work over an HTTP/2 connection enabled with a P2P extension. The client tells the server to find the certificate in its local store at `/certs/YearOfBirth`. The server could then resolve that relative URL to `<did:key:z6MkiTBz1ymuepAQ4HEHYSF1H8quG5GLVVQR3djdX3mDooWp/certs/YearOfBirth>` and check its cache for a valid cert. If none is present, it would need to request one from the client on the same P2P connection at `/certs/YearOfBirth/`.
```
